Add attribution and notice statements (#89)
onnx/turnkeyml: README.md

## License

This project is licensed under the [Apache 2.0 License](https://github.com/onnx/turnkeyml/blob/main/LICENSE).

## Attribution

> TurnkeyML used code from other open source projects as a starting point (see [NOTICE.md](NOTICE.md)). Thank you Philip Colangelo, Derek Elkins, Jeremy Fowers, Dan Gard, Victoria Godsoe, Mark Heaps, Daniel Holanda, Brian Kurtz, Mairah Larwood, Philip Lassen, Andrew Ling, Adrian Macias, Gary Malik, Sarah Massengill, Ashwin Murtry, Hatice Ozen, Tim Sears, Sean Settle, Krishna Sivakumar, Aviv Weinstein, Xueli Xao, Bill Xing, and Lev Zlotnik for your contributions to that work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TurnkeyML used code from other open source projects as a starting point (see [NOTICE.md](NOTICE.md)). Thank you Philip Colangelo, Derek Elkins, Jeremy Fowers, Dan Gard, Victoria Godsoe, Mark Heaps, Daniel Holanda, Brian Kurtz, Mariah Larwood, Philip Lassen, Andrew Ling, Adrian Macias, Gary Malik, Sarah Massengill, Ashwin Murthy, Hatice Ozen, Tim Sears, Sean Settle, Krishna Sivakumar, Aviv Weinstein, Xueli Xao, Bill Xing, and Lev Zlotnik for your contributions to that work.
```

Author: thanks!
